Earth.
Fire.
Air.
Water.
Only the Avatar can
master all four elements
and bring balance to the world.
Republic City welcomes a
new citizen into her arms.
Avatar Korra!
After years of seclusion in the South.
this master of water. earth and fire
seeks to add airbending
to her list of skills.
And under the tutelage of Tenzin.
Avatar Aang's son. she should go far.
But will this cool. calm.
collected master of air
be able to tame this
hot-headed teen?
"And in the final round.
the Buzzard Wasps won."
"with a decisive knockout."
What do you say we go
to the arena tonight?
Catch a few Pro-bending matches?
That "sport" is a mockery of the
noble tradition of bending.
Come on. Tenzin.
I've dreamed about seeing a
Pro-bending match since I was a kid.
and now I'm just a ferry
ride away from the arena.
Korra. you're not here
to watch that drivel.
You're here to finish
your Avatar training.
So. for the time being. I want
you to remain on the island.
Is that why you're keeping the
White Lotus sentries around.
- to watch my every move?
- Yes.
In order to learn airbending. I believe
you require a calm. quiet environment.
free from any distractions.
All right. you're the master.
So my mother informed me that you've
never been able to airbend before.
Yeah. but I don't know why.
The other elements
came so easily to me.
But every single time
I've tried airbending...
Nothing.
That's perfectly all right.
we just need to be patient.
Often. the element that's the most
difficult for the Avatar to master
is the one most opposite to
the Avatar's personality.
For Aang. it was earthbending.
Yeah. well. I'm about as opposite
an Airbender as you can get.
Let's begin your first lesson.
Korra's going to airbend!
What is that contraption?
A time honored tool that teaches the
most fundamental aspect of airbending.
Jinora. would you like to
explain this exercise?
The goal is to weave your
way through the gates
and make it to the other
side without touching them.
Seems easy enough.
Jinora forgot to say you have to make it
through while the gates are spinning.
The key is to be like the leaf.
Flow with the movement
of the gates.
Jinora will demonstrate.
Airbending is all about
spiral movements.
When you meet resistance.
you must be able to switch
direction at a moment's notice.
Let's do this.
Don't force your way through.
Dance! Dance like the wind!
Be the leaf!
Airbend!
What is wrong with me?
Maybe I'm just not cut out to
be an Airbender. huh. Naga?
Ladies and gentlemen.
I'm coming to you live
from Republic City's
Pro-bending Arena.
where tonight. the best in the
world continue their quest
for a spot in the upcoming
Championship Tournament.
Grab your snacks and
grab your kids.
because this next match
is going to be a doozy.
This Mako's got moxie!
He advances. fires
two quick shots.
Yomo is hammered back to Zone 3.
The clock is winding
down. can Yomo hold on?
He's teetering on the
edge of the ring now.
The Fire Ferrets
line up to strike...
Korra. come down here. please.
You shut it off
at the best part!
I thought I made myself clear.
I don't want you listening to
this distracting nonsense.
But it's their radio!
And. technically. you said
I couldn't watch a match.
you didn't say anything
about listening to one.
You...
You know what I meant.
Anyway. shouldn't you...
Shouldn't you be in bed by now?
I think I'm doing it wrong.
There's nothing to do.
Let your mind and
your spirit be free.
for air is the
element of freedom.
Is something funny?
Yeah. you're telling
me to embrace freedom.
but you won't even let
me listen to the radio?
And forget about
leaving this island.
Please. Korra. Look at Meelo.
He's able to
meditate peacefully.
- Actually. I think he's asleep.
- What?
Well. at least he has
the relaxing part down.
Whatever. None of this airbending
stuff makes any sense to me.
I know you're frustrated. but these
teachings will sink in over time.
Then one day.
they'll just click.
Yeah. it's not sinking in yet.
I'm going to go get a
glass of lychee juice.
Korra. the meditation's
not over yet.
Daddy. can I have some
lychee juice. too?
No.
Hey. what are you
doing in my gym?
I was just looking for a
bathroom and I got lost.
The old "I-had-to-pee" excuse.
You know. I'm sick and tired of you
kids sneaking in without paying.
I'm taking you to security.
- No. wait...
- There you are!
I've been looking
everywhere for you.
It's all right. Toza.
- She's with me.
- Yeah. I'm with him.
So. you see. we're together.
Well. not "together' together.
More like friends."
Right. friends. No. no. I
didn't mean to imply...
Oh. you implied it.
I don't care what you are.
I've got work to do.
Right this way. miss.
Thank you. sir.
Seriously. thanks!
What do you think? Best
seats in the house. huh?
Unbelievable!
This place is even more
amazing than I imagined!
- Name's Bolin. by the way.
- Korra.
- Bolin.
- Yeah?
I told you. you have to stop bringing
your crazy fan girls in here
before the matches.
Get her out of here.
Come on. Mako.
All right. look. I kind of
promised her she could stay.
But. man. I got a good feeling.
There's something special about her.
I know it. Come here.
I want you to meet
my brother. Mako.
Mako?
Wow. I heard you
play on the radio...
Come on. Bolin. we're up.
Or I could meet him later.
Yeah. sorry about that.
My brother just gets real
focused before a match.
Okay. I got to go!
Wish me luck. Not
that I'll need it.
Good luck! Knock 'em out!
Introducing the Fire Ferrets!
I love you. Bolin!
The rookie Ferrets came
from out of nowhere
and have made it further than
anyone expected this season.
But tonight they face their
toughest test yet. folks.
And they're off!
The two teams waste no time trying
to blast each other out of Zone 1 .
Hasook is the first to feel
the heat of the Tigerdillos.
He tries to return the favor.
but they're too fast for him.
while Mako showcases his trademark
"cool under fire" style.
The Tigerdillos score with
a walloping one-two combo.
Can their teammate hold on
to their Zone 1 territory?
Guess not! Mako's over the line.
The Tigerdillos get the green light
and advance into Ferret territory.
Come on. Ferrets!
Looks like Hasook's in trouble.
He's in Zone 3. teetering
over the brink!
And Hasook takes a dip!
He'll be back for Round 2.
assuming the fabulous
bending brothers
can hold their ground
until the next round.
Round 1 goes to the Golden
Temple Tigerdillos!
Come on. Hasook. get
your act together.
The Fire Ferrets are knocked into
Zone 2 and the Tigerdillos advance.
The Fire Ferrets cinch the
round in the closing seconds.
It's one apiece.
Still anyone's match as we go
into the third and final round.
Hasook stumbles and now he
tumbles. right into his teammate.
He and Bolin better untangle
quick if they don't want to...
Too late!
Oh. no!
It's all up to Mako now.
He's bobbing and weaving.
He's weaving and bobbing.
But he's not hitting back.
If Mako's knocked out. the
Ferrets' fabulous season is over.
He's dancing on the edge of the ring.
surviving the three-on-one barrage.
It seems his plan is to let the
Tigerdillos punch themselves out.
And his plan is working!
Hahn is in the pool.
They've got nothing left in the
tank. and Mako is on the offensive!
It's two-on-one. Scratch that.
It's one-on-one.
And it's an earth
and fire slug-fest!
There's so much smoke and
dust from the fire fight.
I can't even see where
the Fire Ferret is!
It's a knockout!
What a wing-dinger of
a hat trick. folks!
Mako pulls off the upset of the season.
winning the match for the Fire Ferrets!
Yes!
One more win and we're in the
Championship Tournament.
So what did you think. Korra?
Bolin's got some moves. huh?
What did I think?
That was amazing.
You did more harm than good out there.
You almost cost us the match.
- We won. didn't we?
- Barely.
Get off my case. pal!
Useless.
You guys were incredible out there.
Especially you. Mr. Hat Trick.
Oh. you're still here?
Oh. you're still a jerk?
Anyway.
I've been immersed in
bending my entire life.
but I never learned how
to move like that.
It's like there's a
whole new style here.
Think you could show
me a few tricks?
- Absolutely.
- Right now?
Come on. Bolin.
Just ignore him.
Yeah. I can show you the basics.
I'm just not sure how my earthbending
would translate to your waterbending.
but we'll figure it out.
Won't be a problem. I'm
actually an Earthbender.
I'm sorry! No. no. I
didn't mean to assume.
'Cause. you know. I was just
figuring with your Water Tribe getup
that you are a Water Tribe gal.
No. you're right. I'm a Waterbender.
And a Firebender.
I'm very confused right now.
You're the Avatar.
and I'm an idiot.
Both are true.
No way.
The Avatar!
All right. let's
see what you got.
That was great! Good power.
But in a real match you'd
be a sitting turtle-duck.
Not so upright and flat-footed.
Stay light on your toes.
Right up until the moment when
you need to dig in and strike.
Then. Pop! Pop!
Okay. let me try it again.
Wow! Nice adjustment.
- You're a natural at this.
- Not bad.
What's it take to
impress this guy?
What? I said. "Not bad."
You know what.
it's getting late.
I think I'm going to turn in.
You kids have fun.
Nice to meet you. Avatar Korra.
Yeah. been a real pleasure.
See you upstairs. bro.
Upstairs? You guys live here?
Yep. In the attic.
It's nothing fancy. but
we have some great views.
So back to bending.
Why don't you throw that
combo one more time?
Patience. Korra.
That was a 2000-year-old
historical treasure.
What... What is wrong with you?
There's nothing wrong with me!
I've been practicing.
just like you taught me.
But it isn't sinking in. okay?
It hasn't "clicked"
like you said it would.
Korra. this isn't
something you can force.
If you would only
listen to me...
I have been! But you
know what I think?
Maybe the problem isn't me.
Maybe the reason I haven't
learned airbending yet
is because you're a
terrible teacher.
Yeah. you're a terrible
teacher. Daddy.
Okay. everyone here?
Wait. where's Korra?
Honestly. Pema. I am at my
wit's end with that girl.
I don't know how to
get through to her!
Dear. the best thing you can do right
now is to give Korra some space.
You must promise me that your
teenage years won't be like this.
I will make no such promises.
I didn't miss your match. did I?
You guys look like
you lost already.
We might as well have.
Hasook's a no-good no-show!
You got two minutes to come out ready
to play or you're disqualified.
Well. there goes our
shot at the tournament.
And the winnings.
Can't you ask one of
those guys to fill in?
No. the rules say you can
only compete on one team.
Well. then how about me?
I'm a top-notch Waterbender.
if I do say so myself.
But you're the Avatar.
Isn't that cheating?
It isn't cheating if I
only do waterbending.
No way. I'd rather forfeit than
look like a fool out there.
Wow. thanks for the
vote of confidence.
- Time's up. You in or out?
- We're in!
- We are?
- Yes!
Hey. I didn't agree to this...
You can thank me later.
This girl is crazy.
Looks like the Fire
Ferrets have ferreted out
a last-minute replacement
Waterbender.
Let's see if she's another
diamond in the rough
like the brothers from the
school of hard knocks.
Don't do anything too
fancy or aggressive.
In fact. don't do anything.
Just try not to get
knocked off the ring.
You got it. Captain.
Players. are you ready?
Man overboard!
Fire Ferret Waterbender. penalty!
Move back one zone!
What? Why?
You're only allowed to knock players off
the back of the ring. not over the sides.
And we're back in action
after that hiccup.
But I'm not so sure this replacement
player knows what she's doing.
Foul! Over the line.
Move back to Zone 3.
I'll show you over the line...
The Platypus Bears
take Round 1 .
The Platypus Bears know a green
player when they see one.
and they are focusing the brunt of
their bending on this poor girl.
Wait a minute. Did that
Waterbender just earthbend?
Foul. I think.
Did I see that right?
Hold on. folks. we're just waiting
for the referee's official call.
but I think this replacement
player could be...
Pardon me. everyone. Have you
seen Korra this evening?
She's not in her room.
You've got to be kidding me.
She's the Avatar. folks!
Playing in a Pro-bending match!
Can you believe that?
I'll get her myself.
The Avatar will be permitted to continue
so long as she solely bends water.
This girl may be the Avatar.
but she's no Pro-bender.
And the Platypus Bears are intent
on exploiting that weakness.
They're giving her their best and her
best ain't good enough to stop it!
And she's in the drink!
Oh. hey. Tenzin.
I thought you didn't like
coming to these matches.
Once again. you have flagrantly
disobeyed my orders.
You were to stay on the island.
Let's go.
No. I'm kind of in the
middle of something.
I have tried my very best to get through
to you by being gentle and patient.
But clearly the only thing
you respond to is force.
So I am ordering you to come
back to the temple. Right now.
Why? So I can sit around and meditate
about how bad I am at airbending?
You know. I'm beginning to think there's a
reason I haven't been able to learn it.
Because maybe I
don't even need it.
What? That is a
ludicrous suggestion.
The Avatar needs to learn airbending.
It is not optional.
No. This is what I need to learn.
Modern styles of fighting.
Being the Avatar isn't all
about fighting. Korra.
When will you learn that?
I have a match to go finish.
The Platypus Bears win Round 2.
Round 3!
The Platypus Bears
come out of the gate
and quickly go after
the Ferret brothers.
They're corralled in the corner.
wedged in the edge of Zone 1.
unable to come to the
Avatar's rescue.
And. boy. does she need it!
Looks like the Avatar's Pro-bending
debut is going to be cut short.
She's been pushed back to Zone 3
and the water is calling her name.
It's only a matter
of time before...
Hold the phone. stop the presses.
She's still in the game. folks!
And she's moving like an
entirely different player!
All of a sudden the Platypus Bears'
strikes are only striking air!
How about that?
The Platypus Bears
have no juice left.
but Mako and Bolin are
still fresh and juicy.
Knockout!
The Fire Ferrets come from way
behind and steal the win.
What an upset. folks.
The rookies. Avatar in tow.
have nabbed a place in the
Championship Tournament!
I cannot believe it.
- Yeah.
- Yes!
Korra. what can I say?
You really came alive
in that last round.
The way you dodged their attacks.
You are a natural.
Thanks. but I can't
take all the credit.
Someone else taught
me those moves.
I'm really sorry about
everything I said.
I was really frustrated with
myself and I took it out on you.
I think I owe you
an apology. too.
I was trying to teach you about
patience. but I lost mine.
No hard feelings?
Of course not.
By the way. you were really
good out there tonight.
You moved just
like an Airbender.
Wait. you stayed and watched?
I did. Pro-bending turned out to be
the perfect teaching tool for you.
I'll see you tomorrow for airbending
practice. bright and early!
And by the way. I kind of
permanently joined the Fire Ferrets
and we're playing in the
tournament in a couple of weeks.